When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When you are collaborating on a project

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Some projects might be large so you might want to only pull files you will be working on.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks is a clone of a repository which is only displayed on Github, it also provides credit the orginal
    developer of a files it was clone from. Clone is able to copy files from GitHub onto your repository
    online or on your local computer, but any changes made only displays you as the main author. Branches,
    only works on your local computer and enable to editing of files while maintaining the master branch
    untouched.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    You are able to avoid conflicting commits from other collaborators which could mess up your program.
    are able to work on your one specific objective and experiment without hurting other collaborators progress.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    I would either changes the changes for a specific line to my collaborators or email the change file to them.
    It would easier to just open the file and see the changes without having to worry about making a mistake
    using git or GitHub, but it would be significantly harder to work on large projects with multiple
    collaborators

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When working within a group on a specific project so a project manager is able to monitor changes.
    When working by yourself and your changes are progress on a project then working on the master branch
    is ideal unless its an experimental concept. 
